---
title:  "Listen..."
subtitle: ""
author: "Abhiruk Bhattacharyya"
avatar: "img/authors/abhiruk.png"
image: "img/listen.png"
date:   2018-03-09 12:12:12
---

### Listen...

The winds are howling with pain alongside me. 

Somewhere, an old violin tears up as it sings the most desolate tunes one has ever heard. And 

then I...

Like a painter, etching colours on the canvas of my body, wine red spilling from my black lips as they etch on my feverish skin.

.

I shudder. The moon frowns at me through the windows of my room as I feebly try to raise my hand. It attempts but it falls, it is tired. 

Like you who would always prefer to stay under the warm lights of my room, sheltering in music and love as you bottled me up inside your 

soul and heart. I gaze pitifully at the reflections of the glass shards that gaze back at me; Oh, you wouldn't have liked to see this mess 

at all. No, you wouldn't. Just like you couldn't have just walked through the door now. .

I am crying with pain; one of the shards sticking out of my foot, my red blood mixing with the ambient maroon of my drink; the painting is 

being completed in front of my very eyes. I lie on the floor, hungover and miserable. You didn't have to leave, you know. Because this 

isn't how it usually goes.

First I leave, then you do.

But this... This reversal is insanity.

Pain beyond measure to see a part of myself aching to be with a phantom, gone. .

My hands shake as I pound the table beside me. Something heavy falls, splashing on the pool of red.

A necklace.

A last reminder.

The one which I had surprised you with.

You didn't even take it with you...

Colorless drops join the ever moving fluid of shades as they settle on the object that mourns its existence. 

I blink my eyes, my vision blurry as I now pick up the bloodied necklace from the paints of my blood.

I crawl near the window as I hold my prize up to the moon, the eternal canvas, it glitters; it's red shades tearfully gazing at me, upset.

.

.

For what was a man without his dear beloved? 

Whose neck shall not adore the pretty bloodied necklace.

As both man and muse sit under the glowing moon 

Slowly waiting... for either to die. .

.

~Abhiruk B. .
